c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	custname	   t1	f1 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	custlvl	       t1	f2 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	certtype	   t1	f3 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	certtypename   t1	f4 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	certnum	       t1	f5 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	usernumber	   t1	f6 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	custsex	       t1	f7 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	custsexname	   t1	f8 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	certaddr	   t1	f9 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	provincecode   t1	f10	s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	province	   t1	f11 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	citycode	   t1	f12 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	opendate	   t1	f13 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	paytype	       t1	f14 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	paytypename	   t1	f15 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	subscrbstat	   t1	f16 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	brandcode	   t1	f17 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	brandname	   t1	f18 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	productname	   t1	f19 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	productid	   t1	f20 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	producttype	   t1	f21 s
c:yys_lt_cl    checklogin	serial_numbers t1	f22	s
c:yys_lt_sq   scorequery  totalscore     t1	f23 s
c:yys_lt_sq   scorequery  availablescore t1	f24 s
c:yys_lt_sq   scorequery  lastmonthscore t1	f25 s
c:yys_lt_sq   scorequery  invalidscore   t1	f26 s
c:yys_lt_sq   scorequery  userstate      t1	f27 s
c:yys_lt_cd   calldetail  calltypename t2 f28 m
c:yys_lt_cd   calldetail  homeareaname t2 f29 m
c:yys_lt_cd   calldetail  othernum t2 f30 m
c:yys_lt_cd   calldetail  calllonghour t2 f31 m
